Docs mgmt clarification (#1599)
solo-io/gloo-mesh: docs/content/guides/service_dependencies.md

## Before you begin
To illustrate these concepts, we will assume that:

> * Gloo Mesh is [installed and running on the `cluster-1`]({{% versioned_link_path fromRoot="/setup/#install-gloo-mesh" %}})
> * Istio is [installed on both `cluster-1` and `cluster-2`]({{% versioned_link_path fromRoot="/guides/installing_istio" %}}) clusters
> * Both clusters are [registered with Gloo Mesh]({{% versioned_link_path fromRoot="/guides/#two-registered-clusters" %}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* There are two clusters managed by Gloo Mesh named `cluster-1` and `cluster-2`. 
* Istio is [installed on both client clusters]({{% versioned_link_path fromRoot="/guides/installing_istio" %}})
```
